README.md, before:

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD041 -->
### Hi there 👋

I'm a software engineer based in Oslo, Norway. I've been interested in
computers, electronics and coding since I was a child, and received my formal
education in Computer Engineering from the Thomas J. Watson College of
Engineering and Applied Science in Binghamton, NY.

My coding interests are:

- 🤖 Automation
- ⚙️ DevOps
- 🔒 Security

My hobbies are:

- 🎸 Playing the guitar
- 🎮 Video games
- 🔓 Hardware and electronics modification/hacking

I speak:

- 🇺🇸 English (Native)
- 🇳🇴 Norwegian (Proficient)

<!--
**ianrobrien/ianrobrien** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md`
(this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Add stats and dependencies workflow

README.md, after:

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 MD036 MD041 MD045 -->
### Hi there 👋

I'm a software engineer based in Oslo, Norway. I've been interested in
computers, electronics and coding since I was a child, and received my formal
education in Computer Engineering from the Thomas J. Watson College of
Engineering and Applied Science in Binghamton, NY.

#### My coding interests are

- 🤖 Automation
- ⚙️ DevOps
- 🔒 Security

#### My hobbies are

- 🎸 Playing the guitar
- 🎮 Video games
- 🔓 Hardware and electronics modification/hacking

#### I speak

- 🇺🇸 English (Native)
- 🇳🇴 Norwegian (Proficient)

### GitHub Stats

_Does not include professional/organizational activities_

<picture>
  <source
    media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)"
    srcset="https://github-readme-stats-orcin-delta-16.vercel.app/api?username=ianrobrien&show_icons=true&hide_rank=true&hide=stars&include_all_commits=true&disable_animations=true&theme=onedark"
  />
  <img height=200 align="center" src= "https://github-readme-stats-orcin-delta-16.vercel.app/api?username=ianrobrien&show_icons=true&hide_rank=true&hide=stars&include_all_commits=true&disable_animations=true"/>
</picture>
<picture>
  <source
    media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)"
    srcset="https://github-readme-stats-orcin-delta-16.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=ianrobrien&theme=onedark&layout=compact&langs_count=8&card_width=320&disable_animations=true"
  />
  <img height=200 align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats-orcin-delta-16.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=ianrobrien&layout=compact&langs_count=8&card_width=320&disable_animations=true" />
</picture>
